your party man oops yeah yeah well what
were you doing with that thing oh oh my
bad here's not yet afford the one on my
back I don't know about you but taco
bell sounds pretty good right now I
can't wait to get one of those muy
Grande until I the burrito quesadillas
it's my comfort food okay then yeah all
right let's just go some of them it
started when he was a child he caught a
bad case of high Palermo sarnia from a
hamburger he's never been the same
you
ah who are you ah oo g darn he died oh
well okay I didn't shock over
yes actually if you could read the main
bag that you just shopped you would see
that my name is frank frank j lewis now
gonna take your order um actually if you
could read the sign we're closed boom
boom boom boom boom yeah get out of here
get out of here boom have you ate some
of this yeah my keys ah alright so the
friends
for more of it hey taco filling never
ever
ever not
Oh super tech blogger I hate you and
look like this ah ain't you cruel world
you